### Introduction
The Coding it Forward Fellowship (formerly known as the Civic Digital Fellowship for Federal placements, and the Civic Innovation Corps for State and Local placements) is empowering the next generation of technology leaders to innovate at the intersections of technology and public service in federal government offices across the United States. Fellows work across software engineering, data, design, and product management to deliver policy, improve systems, and strengthen products on behalf of the American people. 

We are grateful for agency and host office partners who provided our Fellows with the opportunity to serve and grow this summer:
- [Bureau of Justice Statistics](https://bjs.ojp.gov/)
- [Bureau of Labor Statistics](https://www.bls.gov/)
- [U.S. Census Bureau](https://www.census.gov/)
- [Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services](https://www.cms.gov/)
- [U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services](https://www.uscis.gov/)
- [General Services Administration](https://www.gsa.gov/)
- [Department of Health and Human Services](https://www.hhs.gov/)
- [Internal Revenue Service](https://www.irs.gov/)
- [National Institutes of Health](https://www.nih.gov/)
- [U.S. Special Operations Command](https://www.socom.mil/)
- **Arapahoe County, CO:** Department of Information Technology Digital Services Team
- **Athens-Clarke County, GA:** County Manager
- **Austin, TX:** Transportation (Data & Technology Services)
- **Baltimore, MD:** Mayor’s Office of Performance & Innovation (Innovation Team), Mayor’s Office of Recovery Programs
- **Boston, MA:** Analytics Team, Department of Contract Services
- **Buncombe County, NC:** Strategy & Innovation Department
- **Carlisle, SC:** Equity Broadband
- **Charlotte, NC:** Innovation & Technology Department (Smart Cities)
- **Cincinnati, OH:** Office of Performance & Data Analytics (OPDA)
- **Des Moines, IA:** The City Manager’s Office
- **Detroit, MI:** Connect 313 Data Team
- **El Paso, TX:** Department of Information Technology (User Experience Division)
- **Long Beach, CA:** Department of Public Works (Contracts and Grants Division), Technology & Innovation Department (Digital Services and Data Analytics), Technology & Innovation Department (Smart Cities)
- **Los Angeles, CA:** Civil, Human Rights and Equity Department; Innovation Team; Mayor’s Office of Budget and Innovation (Data Team); World Airports IT Data Management
- **Missouri:** Office of Administration (Division of Personnel)
- **New Jersey:** Office of Innovation
- **New York City, NY:** Department of City Planning (DCP) Digital Services, DCP Engineering Team
- **Philadelphia, PA:** Fire Department (GIS and Analytics Unit), Parks & Recreation Strategy & Engagement Division
- **San José, CA:** The Mayor’s Office of Technology and Innovation
- **Syracuse, NY:** Digital Services Team
- **Utah:** Governor’s Office of Planning and Budget

Meet the 157 young technologists who served in our seventh cohort of the Coding it Forward Fellowship: [Introducing the 2022 Coding it Forward Fellows](https://blog.codingitforward.com/introducing-the-2022-coding-it-forward-fellows-b14bac95c58f)

This repository features the slides that Fellows presented during their respective end-of-summer presentations at their host agencies. View a recording of Coding it Forward’s [virtual end-of-summer celebration](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5t_Bma0QYQ&t), with keynote remarks from Erie Meyer, Chief Technologist at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.

---
### About the Civic Digital Fellows: Federal Offices
**_Kindly note that if a Fellow's biography does not have a link, their work is not publicly available._**

**Aashay Parab** is a rising junior at the University of California - Santa Barbara, studying Computer Science. This summer, he worked as a Data Engineering Fellow at the US Census Bureau in the Economic Directorate Support Services Division. Aashay helped modernize and replace an old system that tracked fiscal year budgets and relied on multiple Excel sheets. He developed a robust and efficient replacement by creating both the front-end and back-end of an Access Database. 

**Anahita Srinivasan** is a rising sophomore at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology studying Electrical Engineering and Computer Science. This summer, she worked on a predictive project management pilot project on a predictive project management pilot project at the Bureau of Labor Statistics in the Division of Enterprise Web Systems. She used machine learning to develop several programs that predict software project success and cost, laid out a schedule for project completion, and analyzed descriptions of risks associated with a project.

**Angad Gakhal** is a rising senior at the University of Illinois, Chicago. He spent the summer working as a Data Analyst fellow for the Office of Promoter Investigations within the Small Business/Self-Employed division of the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), alongside Manas Khatore and Jennifer Spinoglio. With his portion of the analysis, he created metrics to measure the effectiveness of the Notice Stream to other Penalty Collection processes within the IRS. These metrics included breaking down the total amount collected by Statistical Groupings (such as averages, amounts collected per year, and amounts collected per Penalty Reference Number) and categorizing payments into ranges to determine payment confidence percentages. Knowing which penalty collection processes are most effective will help the IRS make better data-driven decisions to utilize collection resources.
 
**Arla Sutton** is a rising junior at Olin College of Engineering studying Human Centered Design. This summer, with Joel Yong, she worked at the U.S. Census Bureau in the Office of Strategic Alliances on a  project focused specifically on undercounted communities to advance data equity. Arla and Joel collected feedback from organizational partners about how the Census Bureau can better meet their needs and produced three proposals in prototype form for the Bureau. | [Presentation](Arla_Sutton_Joel_Yong.pdf)

**Atherv Gole** is a recent graduate of the University of California - Santa Barbara, with a degree in Statistics and Data Science. This summer, he worked at the Department of Health and Human Services as part of InnovationX, the Office of the Chief Data Officer, and the Office of the Chief AI Officer teams. He contributed to data-related projects by studying machine learning usage across the federal government and researching and creating recommendations for future HHS data strategy, specifically surrounding Talent and Culture. | [Presentation](Atherv_Gole.pdf)

**Audrey McIntyre** is a Master’s student at Georgetown University studying Data Science for Public Policy. Over the summer, Audrey worked with the US Census Bureau to develop methods to model multi-unit business revenue. This work will provide a baseline for the Census to continue progress toward the eventual inclusion of business revenue in the County Business Patterns data series. This project focused on developing and testing methods to impute missing values and allocate revenue from an aggregate measure to its component pieces. | [Presentation](Audrey_McIntyre.pdf)
 
**Ben Dahrooge** is a Master’s student at the University of Rhode Island studying Cybersecurity. This summer, he worked at the General Services Administration Technology Transformation Services on a transition plan to move Search.gov's cloud infrastructure to the Cloud.gov Platform-as-a-Service. Ben’s work is expected to help Search.gov streamline the management of its cloud infrastructure and more efficiently respond to high search query volume in the future. | [Presentation](Ben_Dahrooge.pdf)
 
**Brian Xu** is a rising sophomore at Stanford University studying Math and Computer Science. This summer, he worked at the Internal Revenue Service on the Trustworthy Analytics Team, alongside Jameson Carter and Chloe Zheng. Together, they conducted a literature review of trustworthy analytic practices across the private and public sectors and researched relevant technical toolkits. They consolidated their work on a SharePoint site for the Trustworthy Analytics Team, which included: (1) an overview of the principles of trustworthy analytics; (2) a framework to assess fairness and bias in the analytics process; and (3) a technical toolkit containing a library of metrics and algorithms for analysts. Their work was presented to various members of leadership, researchers, and analysts at the IRS and helped gain support from key stakeholders at the IRS. | [Presentation](Brian_Xu_Chloe_Zheng_Jameson_Carter.pdf)
 
**Carolyn Liu** is a Master's student at the University of Chicago studying Computational Analysis and Public Policy. This summer, she worked at the U.S. Census Bureau to enhance the usefulness of Business Formation Statistics, one of the Census Bureau’s newest data products that provides insight into early-stage business development. Carolyn conducted exploratory linking and analysis between BFS and demographic data from other Census surveys. | [Presentation](Carolyn_Liu.pdf)

**Cheukying (Rosita) Szeto** is a rising second-year Master’s candidate at the University of Michigan studying Biostatistics. This summer, she worked as a Data Analyst Fellow at the Economic Management Division of the U.S. Census Bureau. She consolidated and analyzed the data quality of the Annual Integrated Economic Survey pilot responses. At the end of the Fellowship, she contributed a detailed analysis report concerning the pilot response rate in relation to reporting methods and recommendations on future survey re-designing to the Census Analysis team. Her data handling and analysis skills had brought her team innovative insights on the future direction of the re-engineered survey. | [Presentation](Cheukying_Szeto_Lydia_Rogers_Valerie_Tseng.pdf)

**Chloe Zheng** is a second-year Data Science Master’s student at New York University. This summer, she worked at the Internal Revenue Service on the Trustworthy Analytics Team, alongside Jameson Carter and Brian Xu. Together they conducted a literature review of trustworthy analytic practices across the private and public sectors and researched relevant technical toolkits. They consolidated their work on a SharePoint site for the Trustworthy Analytics Team, which included: (1) an overview of the principles of trustworthy analytics; (2) a framework to assess fairness and bias in the analytics process; and (3) a technical toolkit containing a library of metrics and algorithms for analysts. Their work was presented to various members of leadership, researchers, and analysts at the IRS and helped gain support from key stakeholders at the IRS. | [Presentation](Brian_Xu_Chloe_Zheng_Jameson_Carter.pdf)

**Cindy Xie** is a rising junior at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology studying urban planning and biology. This summer, she worked as a Product Management Fellow at the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute’s Division of Blood Diseases and Resources at the National Institutes of Health (NIH). Her project examined big-picture trends, challenges, and opportunities in digital health using the NIH Research Portfolio Online Reporting Tools Expenditures and Results (RePORTER) repository. She also researched the ethical, legal, and social implications of digital health. | [Presentation](Cindy_Xie.pdf)

**Clare Speer** is a second-year Master's student at the University of Michigan studying Computer Science and Engineering. This summer, she worked at the U.S. Census Bureau in the Economic Reimbursable Surveys Division to develop a data pipeline for Criminal Justice Expenditure and Employment (CJEE) data. She migrated data into a more accessible format and built a web application to enable more consistent and timely data migration moving forward. Her work will help ensure the availability of CJEE data for research and policymaking. | [Presentation](Clare_Speer.pdf)

**Cyrus Irani**

**Darius Stansil** is a second-year Master’s student at New York University studying Data Science. This summer, he worked at the Bureau of Labor Statistics in the Division of Consumer Prices and Price Indexes, where he created a Python package that web-scrapes information from retail websites. His project helped to improve the quality of address data used to calculate the Consumer Price Index. | [Presentation](Joseph_Stansil.pdf) 

**Drew Keller** is a second-year Master’s student in Computational Analysis and Public Policy at the University of Chicago. This summer, he worked in the Economic Indicators Division of the U.S. Census Bureau, exploring whether third-party data can account for business changes in a more real-time manner than survey and administrative sources. Drew's work demonstrating the potential of such data contributes to ongoing efforts to improve Census's Monthly State Retail Sales experimental data product. | [Presentation](Drew_Keller.pdf)

**Dylan Mack** is a rising junior at Washington University in St. Louis, majoring in Systems Engineering and minoring in Sociology and Computer Science. This summer, he worked within the Producer Price Index (PPI) Program of the Bureau of Labor Statistics. His project focused on using machine learning to enhance the PPI’s current methodology for anomaly detection in time series data, resulting in a novel algorithm that ranks the indexes contained in the PPI by priority for review. | [Presentation](Dylan_Mack.pdf)

**Ella Kim** is a rising senior at the University of Washington studying Applied & Computational Mathematical Sciences with a focus on Scientific Computing & Numerical Algorithms. This summer, she worked at the U.S. Department of Human and Health Services on the InnovationX team and in the Office of the Chief Data Officer (OCDO). As a Data Analyst Fellow, she helped accelerate OCDO's website launch through web programming and text editing. She also added to InnovationX's health equity innovation by converting county-level Lyme disease cases into Congressional district-level visualizations to improve policy and budget decisions. | [Presentation](Ella_Kim.pdf)

**Emi Rohn** is a rising sophomore at Dartmouth College studying Geography, Economics, and Human-Centered Design. This summer, she worked alongside Melissa Anthony as a User Research Fellow as part of the Medicare Payment System Modernization (MPSM) team at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS). Emi leveraged human-centered design practices to create system-level artifacts detailing how policy change is enacted in the payment system. | [Presentation](Emi_Rohn_Melissa_Anthony.pdf)

**Enora Rice** is a graduate of Bryn Mawr College where she studied Computer Science. This summer, she worked at the Internal Revenue Service in the Data Management Division, alongside Pranay Varada, using versions of the Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers language model to label IRS.gov webpages automatically. This work provided insights into improving efficiency and accessibility across the public-facing sector of the IRS. | [Presentation](Enora_Rice_Pranay_Varada.pdf)

**Erik Rozi** is a rising junior at Stanford University studying Computer Science. This summer, he worked at the National Institutes of Health (NIH) in the Division of Blood Diseases and Resources, a division of the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute. His work focused on identifying critical issues in trustworthy artificial intelligence and machine learning (AI/ML) for healthcare and the NIH. During his Fellowship, Erik conducted a portfolio analysis of trustworthy AI/ML projects at NIH, created write-ups explaining trustworthy AI/ML issues, and supported initial planning for a pending interagency workshop on trustworthy AI/ML for healthcare. | [Presentation](Erik_Rozi.pdf)
 
**Erin McGowan** is an incoming first-year Ph.D. student at New York University studying Computer Science. This summer, she worked at the National Center for Advancing Translational Sciences (NCATS) in the Division of Pre-Clinical Innovation, developing a network analysis-based approach to drug repurposing for the treatment of glioblastoma. She presented her work at the NCATS and NIH Summer Poster Days and will submit a manuscript to the Journal of the American Medical Informatics Association (JAMIA).

**Eujene Yum** is a Master’s student in Computer Science and Public Policy at the University of Chicago. This summer, she worked at the Bureau of Labor Statistics in the Division of Industry Productivity Studies. She created an automated high-frequency dashboard of monthly productivity measures in retail trade industries, allowing for new insights at a granular level. | [Presentation](Eujene_Yum.pdf)

**Evelyn Siu**
Evelyn Siu is a graduate student at the University of Chicago, completing a Master’s degree in Computational Analysis and Public Policy. This summer, she worked at the Centers of Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) in the Office of Enterprise Analytics’s Policy and Data Analytics Group. She helped develop a predictive model to identify key factors contributing to opioid-related emergency department visits for Medicare beneficiaries as a part of CMS’s Artificial Intelligence Pilot Program.

**Fatima Barragan Herrera** is a Master's student at Carnegie Mellon University studying Public Policy and Data Analytics. This summer, she worked at the U.S Census Bureau in the Economic Reimbursable Surveys Division. Her work will support an interagency partnership between the National Center for Education Statistics and the US Census Bureau to provide data users and stakeholders transparent and digestible public education revenue and expenditure data at the state and school district levels. She created a Tableau dashboard that allows the user to drill down from the state level to the school district to track revenues and their sources, expenditures, and functions across a multi-year period. | [Presentation](Fatima_Barragan_Herrera.pdf)

**Governess Simpson** graduated from the University of Minnesota - Twin Cities, where she studied Industrial and Systems Engineering with a Computer Science minor. This summer, she worked at the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) on the Information Technology Digital Transformation (ITDT) team on the digital acceleration effort to devise a strategic recommendation to reduce paper backlog across the IRS. Her contributions included a current state analysis of the paper inventory and ongoing pilots and drafting short- and long-term solutions for the team.

**Jennifer Spinoglio** is a rising sophomore at the University of Chicago studying Data Science and Economics.  This summer, with Manas Khatore and Angad Gakhal, she worked as a Data Science Fellow at the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) in the Office of Promoter Investigations.  Together they analyzed the effectiveness of the penalty collection process.  Her portion of the analysis included analyzing the collection stay process and its outcomes on the collection process.  She created a written report, visualization dashboard, and slide show to convey her findings to IRS leadership.  Her work will enable the IRS to make the penalty collection process more efficient and successful.

**Jameson Carter** is pursuing his Master’s in Data and Public Policy at Carnegie Mellon University, with a special focus on machine learning. This summer, he worked at the Internal Revenue Service on the Trustworthy Analytics Team, alongside Chloe Zheng and Brian Xu. Together they conducted a literature review of trustworthy analytic practices across the private and public sectors and researched relevant technical toolkits. They consolidated their work on a SharePoint site for the Trustworthy Analytics Team, which included: (1) an overview of the principles of trustworthy analytics; (2) a framework to assess fairness and bias in the analytics process; and (3) a technical toolkit containing a library of metrics and algorithms for analysts. Their work was presented to various members of leadership, researchers, and analysts at the IRS and helped gain support from key stakeholders at the IRS. | [Presentation](Brian_Xu_Chloe_Zheng_Jameson_Carter.pdf) 
 
**Jaxon Silva** is a senior at California Polytechnic State University studying Liberal Arts and Engineering Studies. This summer, he worked at the Department of Health and Human Services in the InnovationX team alongside Fellows Atherv Gole, Caroline Fong, and Ella Kim. He helped develop a dashboard for federal agencies to assess their progress towards solutions for the challenge of infection-associated chronic illnesses, a design challenge for K-12 students to give them the opportunity to develop ideas for people facing chronic kidney disease, and an assessment of the utilization of artificial intelligence during COVID. His work resulted in various projects and initiatives that will continue to be developed by the InnovationX team. | [Presentation](Jaxon_Silva.pdf)

**Jeffrey Shen** is a Master's student at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology studying Computer Science. This summer, he worked at the U.S. Census Bureau in the Economic Reimbursable Surveys Division to develop a full-stack web application that tracks data usage across the Bureau and ensures that data usage complies with permissions. Jeffrey's work included enhancing the backend API, developing features on the front end in collaboration with stakeholders, writing test cases, and expanding the documentation. | [Presentation](Jeffrey_Shen.pdf) 
 
**Jeremy Lee** is a junior at Harvard University studying Statistics and Mathematics. This summer, he worked at the National Institutes of Health within the Office of AIDS Research, alongside Warren Quan, to develop an automated grant classification algorithm using machine learning and natural language processing. He also helped develop a broader framework for using text data to predict whether grants are involved in the Ending the HIV Epidemic in the U.S.  initiative. | [Presentation](Jeremy_Lee_Warren_Quan.pdf)

**Joel Yong** is a rising sophomore at Rhode Island School of Design studying Industrial and Product Design. This summer, with Arla Sutton, he worked at the U.S. Census Bureau in the Office of Strategic Alliances on a  project focused specifically on undercounted communities to advance data equity. Joel and Arla collected feedback from organizational partners about how the Census Bureau can better meet their needs and produced three proposals in prototype form for the Bureau. | [Presentation](Arla_Sutton_Joel_Yong.pdf)

**John Marion** is a recent graduate of Columbia University’s Quantitative Methods in the Social Sciences program. This summer, he worked with the Internal Revenue Service’s Tax Exempt and Government Entities (TEGE) office, assisting with data visualization and presentation. Working with several different data sets and projects, he built multiple Shiny products to demonstrate the applications of R in presenting data concisely and professionally to managers and agents. His work provided TEGE with updated tools to find and deliver information on projects to help improve efficiency and efficacy. | [Presentation](John_Marion.pdf)

**Jules Hou** is a rising junior at Carnegie Mellon University studying Information Systems and Human-Computer Interaction. This summer, Julia worked at the U.S. Special Operations Command as a Full-Stack Engineering Fellow, alongside Michael Donoso,  on an internal workflow management platform. The Oversight and Data  Management system supports the fight against disinformation and misinformation utilized by Combatant Commands (CCMDs) worldwide. Mike and Julia collaboratively created and pushed to production a Products Request feature for the workflow system providing a universal way of capturing product requests; the feature aligns all supported team members with internal tracking mechanisms for changes, comments, updates, and approvals to products, in connection with the product creators – ultimately changing the way the CCMDs do their work. | [Presentation](Julia_Hou_Michael_Donoso.pdf)

**Julia Craciun** is a rising junior at the University of California - Los Angeles studying Data Theory. This summer, she worked within the National Institutes of Health at the National Institute of General Medical Sciences on the Division of Data Integration, Modeling, and Analytics (DIMA) team. Within DIMA, she worked to build a Tableau dashboard of NIGMS’ grant portfolio and created a stem cell classifier in Python to sort grants by their respective stem cell lines. This work will help division directors visualize grant funding data to reveal insights about new programs and areas for improvement. Her work in natural language processing will also help DIMA make the classification of stem cell grants simpler, more efficient, and less error-prone. | [Presentation](Julia_Craciun.pdf)

**Kelly Yan** is a rising junior at the University of California - Santa Barbara studying Computer Science. This summer, she worked at the General Services Administration Technology Transformation Services on the USAGov team with Sebastian Cabrejos to build the federal and state directory records for the new USAGov beta site. | [Presentation](Sebastian_Cabrejos_Kelly_Yan.pdf)

**Kristina Yin** is a recent graduate of Santa Clara University, where she studied Computer Science and minored in Studio Art. This summer, she worked at the Internal Revenue Service in the Taxpayer Behavior Lab, a part of the Research, Applied Analytics, and Statistics division. Kristina’s work involved creating and updating existing Taxpayer Burden Survey paper instruments and creating a user-friendly web survey template and resources to be used across all Taxpayer Burden web surveys. As a result, the cost of research and turnaround time from project start through final data collection is substantially reduced. | [Presentation](Kristina_Yin.pdf)

**Lauren Hu** is a rising sophomore at Rice University studying Computer Science and Cognitive Sciences. This summer, she worked at the Internal Revenue Service on the Servicewide Enterprise Research Program (SERP) team, helping to modernize SERP's website using human-centered design principles. She developed several working prototypes using both design and technical-based approaches that aim to increase the overall accessibility and usability of SERP's platform. | [Presentation](Lauren_Hu.pdf)

**Lucy Ding** is a rising junior at Harvard University studying Government and Data Science. This summer, she worked at the U.S. Census Bureau in the Economic Reimbursable Surveys Division alongside Megan Chiovaro. Using data from the Criminal Justice Administrative Records System and the Internal Revenue Service, she performed data linkage and used clustering methods to identify local labor market opportunities for people with criminal records. Her work resulted in several data products that will be available to the public. | [Presentation](Lucy_Ding_Megan_Chiovaro.pdf) 

**Lydia Rogers** is a Master’s student in Applied Statistics at the University of Michigan. This summer, she worked as a Data Analyst Fellow on the Annual Integrated Economic Survey Pilot team at the U.S. Census Bureau. She assisted in consolidating and documenting a novel dataset for survey responses from the pilot, performing data quality analysis on the consolidated data, and determining the completeness of the data in order to aid the redesign and consolidation of seven different economic surveys. Her expertise in R provided a fresh perspective and saved countless hours of effort in the analysis. | [Presentation](Cheukying_Szeto_Lydia_Rogers_Valerie_Tseng.pdf)

**Maddy Wang** is a rising junior at the University of California - Berkeley studying Data Science with an emphasis in Business and Industrial Analytics. This summer, she served as a Data Analyst at the National Institutes of Health, alongside Sarah Catherine Gillard, working on creating ways to streamline operations in the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke (NINDS). Maddy built a system that categorized grants for program officials, eliminating a multi-week process of dividing grants between NINDS employees. She and Sarah Catherine also created a guide on building accessible visualizations for NINDS websites. | [Presentation](Maddy_Wang.pdf)

**Manas Khatore** is a rising sophomore at the University of California, Berkeley studying Data Science, Computer Science, and Social Welfare. He spent the summer working as a Data Analyst Fellow for the Office of Promoter Investigations within the Small Business/Self-Employed division of the Internal Revenue Service, alongside Angad Gakhal and Jennifer Spinoglio. He analyzed revenue officers’ effect on the collection of promoter and preparer penalties—specifically the amount of time a module takes to be assigned and stay with a revenue officer. He conducted statistical analysis to test significant correlations and created a dashboard of visualizations, which will be used to inform when and how quickly revenue officers should be assigned in the collection and examination process of promoter and preparer penalties.

**Megan Chiovaro** is a Doctoral Candidate at the University of Connecticut in the Psychological Sciences Department. This summer, she worked at the U.S. Census Bureau in the Economic Reimbursable Surveys Division alongside Lucy Ding. Using data from the Criminal Justice Administrative Records System and the Internal Revenue Service, she performed data linkage and used clustering methods to identify local labor market opportunities for people with criminal records. Her work resulted in several data products that will be available to the public.

**Meghana Karthic** is a rising sophomore at Johns Hopkins University studying Computer Science. This summer, she worked as a Data Analyst at the US Census Bureau in the Economic Indicators Division to analyze tweets posted by the Census. She developed a linear regression model to determine which tweet attributes lead to high engagement and created sample tweets and data visualizations for the Census Twitter account. Her work resulted in the development of an effective social media strategy with actionable insights that will be pursued by staff in the future and a new design framework for media posted in tweets and the Economic Indicators Dashboard on the Census website. | [Presentation](Meghana_Karthic.pdf)

**Melissa Anthony** is a recent graduate of the Olin College of Engineering, where she studied Human-Centered Design. This summer, she worked alongside Emi Rohn as a User Research Fellow as part of the Medicare Payment System Modernization (MPSM) team at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS). Melissa leveraged human-centered design practices to create system-level artifacts detailing how policy change is enacted in the payment system. | [Presentation](Emi_Rohn_Melissa_Anthony.pdf)

**Michael Donoso** is a rising Junior at Brown University studying Computer Science and Applied Mathematics. This summer, he worked at the U.S. Special Operations Command as a Full-Stack Engineering Fellow, alongside Julia Hou, working on an internal workflow management platform. The Oversight and Data  Management system supports the fight against disinformation and misinformation utilized by Combatant Commands (CCMDs) worldwide. Mike and Julia collaboratively created and pushed to production a Products Request feature for the workflow system providing a universal way of capturing product requests; the feature aligns all supported team members with internal tracking mechanisms for changes, comments, updates, and approvals to products, in connection with the product creators – ultimately changing the way the CCMDs do their work. | [Presentation](Julia_Hou_Michael_Donoso.pdf)

**Nafeeur Rahman** is a senior at The City University of New York studying Computer Science and Philosophy. This summer, he worked at the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services to help build a case management tool for asylum officers to make the refugee application process more efficient. | [Presentation](Nafeeur_Rahman.pdf)
 
**Nith Sivakanthan** is a Master’s student at Seattle University studying Data Science. This summer, he worked with the International Price Program (IPP) at the Bureau of Labor Statistics on alternative import and export price indexes. His contributions to these projects include updating and improving merging procedures between data sources for alternative indexes. He compared prices in directly collected data to unit values in the alternative data, helping the IPP to determine when alternative data could be used to build price indexes. | [Presentation](Nitharsan_Sivakanthan.pdf)

**Noreen Mayat** is a rising junior at Barnard College studying Data Science. This summer, she worked at the National Institutes of Health on the Helping to End Addiction Long-term (HEAL) team, using machine learning and natural language processing methods to help automate the classification of HEAL awards for portfolio analysis. Noreen’s work will significantly reduce the time burden of portfolio analysts within HEAL and highlight research themes, connect investigators studying aligned targets and interventions and determine promising areas for allocating future research support. In the coming months, the HEAL team will continue to build upon Noreen's work and use it on a new dataset. | [Presentation](Noreen_Mayat.pdf)

**Pranay Varada** is a rising sophomore at Harvard College studying Statistics. This summer, he worked at the Internal Revenue Service in the Data Management Division, alongside Enora Rice, using versions of the Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers language model to label IRS.gov webpages automatically. This work provided insights into improving efficiency and accessibility across the public-facing sector of the IRS. | [Presentation](Enora_Rice_Pranay_Varada.pdf)

**Rachel Davis** is a Master’s student at the University of Michigan studying Biostatistics. This summer, she worked at the U.S. Census Bureau in the Economic Reimbursable Surveys Division, where she cleaned and quality-checked data from the 2004-2018 Survey of Sexual Victimization. Her work helped the team make data-driven decisions about sampling and questionnaire redesign — the first redesign in 18 years.
 
**Remy Stewart** is a Ph.D. Candidate in Sociology and Information Sciences at Cornell University. This summer, she worked as a Data Science Fellow for the Bureau of Labor Statistics in the Office of Compensation and Working Conditions, piloting the open-source platform MLflow to support the implementation of Machine Learning Operations best practices at the agency. Her contributions included establishing a remote MLflow server to record machine learning experiments and developing multiple example code scripts delineating how to use MLflow to support a range of ML modeling goals. | [Presentation](Remy_Stewart.pdf)

**Rena Liu** is a recent graduate from Johns Hopkins University, where she studied Computer Science and Social Policy. She worked with the Authentication Product Support team at the Internal Revenue Service and created an integration progress tracker and revised procedural documents for the Secure Access Digital Identity system. | [Presentation](Rena_Liu.pdf)

**Ronit Jain** is a student at Stanford University. This summer, Ronit worked as a Product Management Fellow at the Facilities Management and Security Services division of the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), helping with various projects. This included building out clusters of a Chatbot set to go live in early fall, creating reports for an internal system, and conducting user interviews for a new space availability tool. | [Presentation](Ronit_Jain.pdf)

**Saanvi Juneja** is a rising sophomore at the University of Michigan studying Computer Science. This summer, she worked at the National Institutes of Health in the All of Us Research Program within the Division of Communications. She contributed to the research-to-participant communications pipeline by creating tools and resources to facilitate robust communication and establish a data stories scope of work. She created custom Jupyter notebooks analyzing mental health, heart disease, and type 2 diabetes and wrote an article titled "10 Simple Rules for Using All of Us Data for Health Equity Research".

**Sarah Catherine Gillard** is a first-year Master's student at the University of Edinburgh studying Integrative Neuroscience. This summer, she served at the National Institutes of Health in the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke (NINDS) alongside Maddy Wang. Sarah Catherine developed eight interactive, accessible visualizations to inform researchers and the public about the projects and funding related to Alzheimer's Disease and Related Dementias Research Implementation Milestones. She produced supplemental documents, including a web accessibility best practices guide in collaboration with Maddy and a comparison of data visualization open-source packages and commercial products for NINDS internal use. Her work will improve and prioritize accessibility and allow for better-informed visualization decisions by the office in the future. | [Presentation](SarahCatherine_Gillard.pdf)

**Sarah Scott** is a second-year Master's student at the University of Chicago studying Public Policy with a focus on Data Analytics. This summer, she worked at the U.S. Census Bureau in the Economy-Wide Statistics Division, researching and creating a proof-of-concept of an outlier identification tool in the form of a Tableau dashboard. This tool will be the foundation of a new outlier review process and support over 150 analysts in correcting data from the 2022 Economic Census in preparation for the Geographic Area Series publication. | [Presentation](Sarah_Scott.pdf

**Sebastian Cabrejos** is a recent graduate of Johns Hopkins University, where he studied Computer Science. This summer, he worked at the General Services Administration Technology Transformation Service on the USAGov team, alongside Kelly Yan, developing revised web pages to display Federal and State Government information. Current statistics indicate these are amongst the most accessed pages, and it is expected that this will remain when the beta USAGov replaces the current site later this year. | [Presentation](Sebastian_Cabrejos_Kelly_Yan.pdf)

**Shalin Brahmbhatt** is a rising senior at the University of California - Berkeley studying Electrical Engineering and Computer Science. This summer, he worked at the US Census Bureau on the Center for Enterprise Dissemination team on a tool to match Federal Statistical Research Data Center projects with their associated publications. Using natural language processing and various statistical methods, Shalin developed a scoring mechanism with cutoffs to quantify the similarity between a given research project and a potentially matched publication. | [Presentation](Shalin_Brahmbhatt.pdf)

**Sohail Kamdar** is a Master’s student studying Public Policy at the University of California - Berkeley. This summer, he worked on the Decennial Census Digitization and Linkage project at the US Census Bureau in the Economic Reimbursable Surveys Division. Sohail worked to develop novel linkages between microfilm images of census forms and anonymous census microdata. | [Presentation](Sohail_Kamdar.pdf)

**Stefan Broecker** is pursuing a Master’s degree in Computer Science at the University of California - Davis. This summer, he worked at the Census Bureau developing privacy-preserving protocols for the E-Health team. His work included building an implementation toolkit of differential privacy techniques and laying out privacy guidelines for future E-Health work. | [Presentation](Stefan_Broecker.pdf)

**Valerie Tseng** is a senior at Wellesley College, studying Data Science and English. She worked as a Product Management Fellow on the Annual Integrated Economic Survey (AIES) Pilot team this summer at the Economic Statistical Methods Division of the U.S. Census Bureau. Valerie contributed to the product design process of the AIES spreadsheet mode by collecting and analyzing quantitative and qualitative data, resulting in insightful action items. Her contributions will lead to evidence-based enhancements and improve the experience of AIES respondents. | [Presentation](Cheukying_Szeto_Lydia_Rogers_Valerie_Tseng.pdf)

**Warren Quan** is a rising junior at Princeton University studying Computer Science. This summer, he worked at the Office of Aids Research at the National Institutes of Health (NIH), alongside Jeremy Lee, to program a front-end application for scientific staff to input grant information and run an automated algorithm to classify HIV-related grants. Their work includes a functioning website approved for deployment for Office of Aids Research internal use, with additional features including Ending the HIV Epidemic in the U.S. grant classification, the ability to retrain the model for administrative users, and ability to retrieve data from the NIH RePORTER API. | [Presentation](Jeremy_Lee_Warren_Quan.pdf)

**Zane Harrison** is a rising junior at Duke University studying Computer Science. This summer, he worked at the Internal Revenue Service as a part of the Affordable Care Act Compliance Validation team, helping to modernize the team’s software. His work focused on updating the data storing procedures, written in PostgreSQL, for a relational database. | [Presentation](Zane_Harrison.pdf)

---
### About the Civic Innovation Corps Fellows: State and Local Offices
**_Kindly note that if a Fellow's biography does not have a link, their work is not publicly available._**
 
**Alina Spatz** is a rising junior at the Rhode Island School of Design studying Graphic Design with a concentration in Computation, Technology, and Culture. This summer, she worked as a Design Fellow for the Athens-Clarke County Geospatial Information Office on several products focusing on equity, non-profit collaboration, and integrating the community's lived experiences with data visualization. She designed the identity, visuals, and content for the Neighborhood Snapshot website and built its layout in ArcGIS. The platform gives residents tools to learn more about the county's 16 elementary school attendance zones, explore interactive data, and get in touch with local resources. | [Presentation](Vignesh_Venkatachalam_Alina_Spatz.pdf)

**Alyson Lam** is a recent graduate of Georgia Tech with a degree in Industrial Design. This summer, Alyson worked for the City of El Paso as part of the User Experience team, alongside Yuval Keren and Parita Shah, to build an augmented reality application that allows users to interact with local art by projecting images at designated hotspots throughout the city.  This application was developed as part of a larger effort to meet El Paso's strategic planning goals by making innovative technology more visible and accessible to residents. The team's work will be launched at El Paso's annual Chalk the Block festival in October 2022, where it has the potential to be utilized by 45,000 individuals. | [Presentation](Yuval_Keren_Alyson_Lam_Parita_Shah.pdf)

**Alyssa Li** is a Master's student at Stanford University studying Mechanical Engineering. This summer, she led a user research project at Philadelphia Parks and Recreation, recommending how the department can build an intranet that addresses the needs of its 700 full-time and 1,300 seasonal employees. Her work included interviewing 28 field-based and administrative staff, facilitating workshops, and creating a journey map of a complex internal process. | [Presentation](Alyssa_Li.pdf) 

**Andrew Brieff** is a Master’s student at Tufts University studying Urban and Environmental Planning. This summer, he worked alongside Jingyi Huang for the New York City Planning Department on their Data Engineering team. During his fellowship, Andrew worked to enhance the city’s core data products through data pipeline improvements and to develop a new web application for quality assurance and quality control of regular data updates. | [Presentation](Andrew_Brieff_Jingyi_Huang.pdf) 

**Angela The** is a Master’s candidate in Computational Analysis and Public Policy at the University of Chicago. This summer, she worked as a Back-End Engineering Fellow at the City of San José Mayor’s Office of Technology and Innovation. Alongside Nikita Kalje and Chen Sean Huang, she developed a new website for San José’s Digital Inclusion Fund. Using React, Javascript, HTML/CSS, and Firebase, her work focused on creating a database system for the website’s content, adding multi-language support in Spanish and Vietnamese, and supporting other equity and website accessibility concerns. | [Presentation](Angela_The_Nikita_Kalje_Sean_Huang.pdf)

**AnJu Hyppolite** recently completed a one-year coding fellowship with Pursuit. This summer, she worked at the New Jersey Office of Innovation on the Business First Stop team alongside Soma Badri. They worked on developing the Navigator, a one-stop application that allows entrepreneurs to create and maintain a business in New Jersey. | [Presentation](Soma_Badri_AnJu_Hyppolite.pdf) 

**Asher Lipman** is a rising senior at Cornell University studying Information Science. This past summer, he worked as a full stack engineer for the city of Long Beach, California's Smart City Initiative. His work included building a platform with online and offline components to better support the transparency and accountability of the city's smart-city technology. | [Presentation](Asher_Lipman_Shannon_Lin.pdf)

**Ben Gelman** is a senior at Princeton University studying Politics and Data Science. This summer, he worked as a Data Engineering Intern for the Boston Analytics Team, helping improve the City’s data pipelines to increase the accessibility and clarity of publicly available data. He also expanded the office’s workflow dependency diagrams, which map out the relationships between different pieces of the city’s software, adding more flexibility and functionality. | [Presentation](Benjamin_Gelman.pdf)

**Brinda Sapra** is a final year Master's student in the Computational Analysis and Public Policy program at the University of Chicago. This summer, she worked at the City of Boston on the Department of Innovation and Technology's Analytics Team, helping the Environment Department use computer vision techniques to train a machine learning model that can identify wetlands in Boston. Her work aims to save costs associated with aerial surveys and in-person City staff visits to locate a wetland in the city for resource planning. | [Presentation](Brinda_Sapra.pdf)

**Brooke Bernstein** is a rising second-year Master's student at the University of Pennsylvania studying Social Policy and Data Analytics. This summer, she worked at the City of Long Beach at the Office of the City Manager, alongside Kaveri Chhikara. They built the Long Beach Recovery Act Updates dashboard, which externalizes key performance indicators for the spending of the city’s over $270 million in Long Beach Recovery Act funding. | [Presentation](Brooke_Bernstein_Kaveri_Chhikara.pdf)

**Calgary Haines-Trautman** is a Master of Industrial Design student at the Rhode Island School of Design, entering her final thesis year. This summer, she worked with the City of Boston Strategic Procurement Team, researching and designing a proposal for a procurement workflow that brings stakeholders into the early development process, helping to advance City goals. Her work resulted in actionable next steps for procurement stakeholders to begin piloting parts of the proposal. | [Presentation](Calgary_Haines-Trautman.pdf)

**Chen Sean Huang** is a Master’s candidate for Engineering & Management in Human-Centered Design at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. This summer, he worked at the City of San José Mayor’s Office of Technology and Innovation as a User Experience Fellow, together with Angela The and Nikita Kalje to revamp a new Digital Inclusion Fund website for San Joséans. Leveraging human-centered design tools, he helped better define users’ needs and pain points, re-structure the information architecture of the previous website, and visualize the whole content in a more user-friendly fashion. | [Presentation](Angela_The_Nikita_Kalje_Sean_Huang.pdf) 

**Christina Andrade** is a second-year graduate student at San José State University studying Human Factors and Ergonomics with a focus in Human-Computer Interaction. This summer, she worked at Arapahoe County on the Digital Services team, helping to develop a reusable user research framework and to research the current state of customer engagement for the Motor Vehicles (MV) department. Her work focused on developing and coalescing insights from over 1,500 qualitative survey responses, Google analytics, user interviews, and user observations into personas and findings for eight key MV research questions. Her efforts also resulted in a reusable user research framework and a volunteer recruitment database for the county to use in future research initiatives. | [Presentation](Christina_Andrade.pdf) 
 
**Diya Baliga** is a rising junior at the University of California - Los Angeles studying Computer Science and Engineering. This summer, she worked at the City of Long Beach with the Technology and Innovation Office and Office of Sustainability, alongside Joyce Mok and Yuxin Zheng, to design, build, and maintain technology aiding the city's climate action initiatives. Together, they created an improved dashboard communicating the purpose and progress of the city's Climate Action and Adaptation Plan. They additionally ideated and built a web application to support urban greening programs in Long Beach. Her work will support the launch and maintenance of the action plan and allow residents to access critical green infrastructure.

**Eddie Chong** is a recent graduate of the University of Illinois - Chicago with a Master’s in Civic Analytics. This summer, he worked at the City of Philadelphia Fire Department with the GIS Department, alongside Olaoluwa Adewoye, helping the Fire Department leverage make data-informed decisions. His work resulted in 12 summary reports for different fire battalions in Philadelphia and three dashboards for internal use. | [Presentation](Eddie_Chong.pdf) 

**Elsie Mpere**
 
**Evan Doran** is a second-year Master of Public Administration graduate student at the University of Georgia. This summer, he worked at the State of Missouri Office of Administration in the Division of Personnel, analyzing data and conducting independent research on state employee turnover. His work simplified data and analysis from 16 agencies, 140 divisions, and 39,000 employees for non-data audiences, providing important workforce context and information ahead of the upcoming Missouri legislative session, where turnover remains a prescient issue. | [Presentation](Evan_Doran.pdf) 
 
**Francesca Loiodice** is a recent graduate of Barnard College, where she studied Computer Science. This summer, she worked at the City of Long Beach, developing tools to prepare the Public Works Department for the influx of federal grants over the next several fiscal years. As a part of this effort, she built a grant toolkit to provide staff with resources and support throughout the complex grant process. | [Presentation](Francesca_Loiodice.pdf) 

**Ha Nguyen** is a rising junior at the University of Rochester studying Political Science and Business Information Systems. This summer, she worked at the State of Missouri Office of Administration in the Division of Personnel, helping state leaders gain insights into the health of their workforce and the performance of their anonymous survey programs. Ha designed analytics in Tableau and conducted both qualitative and quantitative research. Her work resulted in three cloud-based interactive dashboards, accessible infographics, and research memos that impact 47,000 state workers. | [Presentation](Ha_Nguyen.pdf)

**Hannah Triester** is a rising senior at the University of Michigan studying Information and Public Policy. This summer, she worked at the City of Baltimore Mayor’s Office of Performance and Innovation, helping to expand free public Wi-Fi services in the City and design the user experience for residents connecting to the network. Informed by extensive user research and community engagement, her work resulted in the development of prototypes for the service website and a hotspot locator tool. | [Presentation](Hannah_Triester.pdf)

**Heewon Kwon** is a Ph.D. candidate at the University of Hawai‘i at Manoa, where she is studying Social and Cultural Psychology. This summer, she worked at the Utah Governor’s Office of Planning and Budget as a User Experience Fellow to redesign Utah’s Boards and Commissions website and application process alongside Srinidhi Ramakrishna and Marina DeFrates. She carried out extensive user interviews and pilot testing, optimizing the understanding of pain and improvement points. Heewon contributed to the creation of a minimum viable product plan that will make the website user-friendly, increase and diversify citizen engagement on boards, and simplify the application review system. | [Presentation](Heewon_Kown_Marina_DeFrates_Srinidhi_Ramakrishna.pdf)

**Hope Zheng** is a rising junior at Cornell University studying Information Science. This summer, she worked at the New York City Department of City Planning on the Digital Services team alongside Evelyn Chen. They designed an application to equip New York City residents with information to understand their communities better.
    
**Inessa Royt** is a recent alum and current Captain of the COOP Careers Data Analytics program and is an alum of Correlation One’s Data Science For All Empowerment program. This summer, she worked at the City of Baltimore Mayor’s Office of Recovery Programs, which oversees and administers American Rescue Plan Act funding on behalf of the City. Iness used Excel, R, SharePoint, and Teams to analyze data and share actionable insights about millions of dollars of ARPA funding allocations. Her insights and visualizations were used internally and for Mayoral memos and public-facing materials. In addition, Inessa created an Asana Enterprise tools guide and collected input from relevant stakeholders for an office product development project, leaving documentation and wireframes to be used for an MVP of a long-awaited forecasting tool. | [Presentation](Inessa_Royt.pdf)  

**Jared Mitovich** is a rising sophomore at the University of Pennsylvania studying Computer Science and Communication. This summer, he worked for the City of Cincinnati in their Office of Performance & Data Analytics, helping to create a public-facing, user-friendly Tableau dashboard to present the results of the city’s first-ever community survey. His work helped externalize City priorities based on residents’ satisfaction and importance ratings given to a wide variety of City services, allowing users to gain broad and more detailed insights based on the demographics of the survey respondents. | [Presentation](Jared_Mitovich.pdf)  

**Jenna Flanagan** is a career changer and a recent Springboard Data Science graduate. This summer, she worked as a Data Engineering fellow with the City of Boston, where she performed an audit of ETL pipeline workflows and created data unit tests to ensure data quality. Focused on datasets being posted as public data, she created 76 new tests, documented 38 workflows, and helped set up a test suite documentation feature for future use. | [Presentation](Jenna_Flanagan.pdf)  

**Jingyi Huang** is a second-year Master's student at Carnegie Mellon University studying Public Policy and Data Analytics. This summer, she worked at the New York City Department of City Planning on the Data Engineering Team, alongside Andrew Brieff, helping to implement regular updates of core data products, build out pipelines to ingest source data, and develop quality asssurance and control applications for multiple data products. | [Presentation](Andrew_Brieff_Jingyi_Huang.pdf) 

**Joseline Ayala** is a graduate student at San Diego State University studying Big Data Analytics. This summer, she worked at the Utah Governor’s Office of Planning & Budget to create interactive data visualizations depicting how projects funded by Utah taxpayer dollars are progressing. In addition, Joseline helped solve back-end issues relating to database management and process improvements to ensure data is more accessible, accurate, and responsive to users.
 
**Joyce Mok** is a rising senior at the University of California - Los Angeles studying Cognitive Science and Statistics. This summer, she worked at the City of Long Beach with the Technology and Innovation Office and the Office of Sustainability, alongside Diya Baliga and Yuxin Zheng, to further the city’s climate action initiatives using human-centered design. As a team, they improved the city’s existing Climate Action and Adaptation dashboard to communicate its climate action goals better. They also created a web application to support the Office of Sustainability’s urban greening program. Overall, their work improved upon existing technology infrastructures to help Long Beach move forward in achieving its sustainability goals.

**Julia Camacho** is a rising sophomore at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology studying Computer Science and Urban Science and Planning. This summer, she worked as a Data Analytics fellow at the City of Boston Department of Innovation and Technology. Her work focused on building a dataset for housing code enforcement cases and performing initial analysis to inform policy recommendations. In addition, Julia also created data visualizations for city performance management goals and built a dashboard for the Human Rights Commission.

**Kaveri Chhikara** is a rising second-year Master's student at the University of Chicago studying Computer Science and Public Policy. This summer, she worked at the City of Long Beach in the Office of the City Manager, alongside Brooke Bernstein. They built the Long Beach Recovery Act Updates dashboard, which externalizes key performance indicators for the spending of over $270 million in Long Beach Recovery Act funding. | [Presentation](Brooke_Bernstein_Kaveri_Chhikara.pdf)

**Mahima Varanasi** is a recent graduate of the University of Southern California with a degree in Industrial and Systems Engineering. This summer, she worked at the City of Charlotte on the Smart Cities Team to develop and plan out tools for their community, including a public Wi-Fi Finder and a Community Engagement Hub. Additionally, she focused her work on accessibility and the end-user experience, which led to several recommendations for the city staff to implement as they go about updating their existing websites and tools as part of their digital inclusion strategy. | [Presentation](Mahima_Varanasi.pdf)  

**Nikita Kalje** is a rising senior at Santa Clara University studying Mathematics and Computer Science. This summer, she worked at the City of San José Mayor’s Office of Technology and Innovation as a Front-End Engineering Fellow alongside Angela The and Chen Sean Huang. She developed a website for San José’s Digital Inclusion fund, utilizing various languages and frameworks to take the designs and convert them into code. She also connected the website to the back-end code and database. Her work will go on to impact tens of thousands of donors, grantees, and San Joséans to allow them to receive access to more resources to be more digitally connected than before. | [Presentation](Angela_The_Nikita_Kalje_Sean_Huang.pdf)

**Olaoluwa Adewoye** is a rising junior at Bowie State University studying Computer Technology. This summer, he worked at the City of Philadelphia Fire Department in the GIS Department, helping migrate large projects to the department's new domain. His main work focused on the creation of a widget that would be able to autofill PDF report templates from the selection of a feature in a map layer.

**Parita Shah** is a rising junior at Harvard University studying Computer Science on the Mind, Brain, and Behavior track. This summer, Parita worked for the City of El Paso as part of the User Experience team, alongside Alyson Lam and Yuval Keren, to build an augmented reality application that allows users to interact with local art by projecting images at designated hotspots throughout the city.  This application was developed as part of a larger effort to meet El Paso's strategic planning goals by making innovative technology more visible and accessible to residents. The team's work will be launched at El Paso's annual Chalk the Block festival in October 2022, where it has the potential to be utilized by 45,000 individuals. | [Presentation](Yuval_Keren_Alyson_Lam_Parita_Shah.pdf)

**Rebecca Brand** is a rising second-year candidate for the Master in Design Engineering at Harvard University. This summer, she worked for the City of Austin Transportation Department within its Data & Technology Services division. Her project included the design of a new visualization platform to map the city’s ongoing mobility projects, promoting data transparency and conversations around sustainability and equity in urban environments. | [Presentation](Rebecca_Brand.pdf)  

**Reginald Mousa Touré** is a rising senior at Virginia State University studying Computer Science. This summer, he worked at the Los Angeles Mayor’s Office of Budget and Innovation on their Data Team. He was tasked with recreating a nationwide study by The Urban Institute that analyzed denial rates and racial disparities in the mortgage market. His work involved using R to wrangle anonymized Home Mortgage Disclosure Act data from the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council’s data browser and clean it to exclusively analyze the City of Los Angeles on a census tract level. Mousa provided data that cross-analyzed applicant race, occupancy location by census tract, denial reasons, occupancy type, and loan purpose for use on the Office’s Racial Equity site. He also used ArcGIS to geographically map denial rates and demographics on a publically available interactive dashboard. | [Presentation](Reginald_Toure.pdf)  

**Rose Eichelmann** is a recent graduate from the University of Texas at Austin, where she studied Sustainability and Geography. This summer, she worked at the Austin Transportation Department in the Data & Technology Services team as a Full-Stack Engineer, where she contributed to the City's open source codebase resulting in her features being a part of the latest release of the Vision Zero Platform. | [Presentation](Rose_Eichelmann.pdf)
 
**Shahnoza “Shanna” Kurbonshoeva** is a Master's student at Baruch College’s Marxe School of Public and International Affarirs. This summer, she worked at the the Des Moines City Manager’s Office on the Key Performance Measurement Initiative alongside Tiffany Mar, analyzing 12 departments' yearly key performance indicator (KPI) data and researching best practices to develop and visualize KPIs. Her work resulted in the creation of 13 web pages on the city website to display the measures. | [Presentation](Shanna_Kurbonshoeva_and_Tiffany_Marr.pdf)

**Shannon Lin** is a recent graduate of the University of Pennsylvania with a Master's in Engineering and a Bachelor's in Engineering and Cconomics. This past summer, she worked as a Product Manager for the City of Long Beach Smart City Initiative. Her work included building a platform with online and offline components to better support the transparency and accountability of the city's smart-city technology. | [Presentation](Asher_Lipman_Shannon_Lin.pdf)

**Shuxin Zhou** is a recent graduate of Pomona College, where she studied Computer Science and Sociology. This summer, she worked with the City of Syracuse’s Digital Services team, helping to create a chatbot for the city website. Her work resulted in all of Syracuse (population of 142,553) being able to ask more than a hundred questions to the chatbot about the city of Syracuse's services, recreational activities, and more. | [Presentation](Shuxin_Zhou.pdf) 

**Soma Sai Kumar Badri** is a second-year master's student at Northeastern University studying Computer Science. This summer, he worked at the New Jersey Office of Innovation on the Business First Stop team alongside AnJu Hyppolite. They worked on developing the Navigator, a one-stop application that allows entrepreneurs to create and maintain a business in the state of New Jersey. | [Presentation](Soma_Badri_AnJu_Hyppolite.pdf) 

**Srinidhi Ramakrishna** is a recent graduate of the University of Pennsylvania, where she studied Political Science and Survey Research & Data Analytics. This summer, she worked at the Utah Governor’s Office of Planning and Budget as a Product Management Fellow to redesign Utah’s Boards and Commissions website and application process alongside Heewon Kwon and Marina DeFrates. Through extensive user research, prototyping, and pilot testing, she prioritized features and managed roadmaps to create a minimum viable product plan to make the website user-friendly, increase and diversify citizen engagement on boards, and simplify the application review system. | [Presentation](Heewon_Kown_Marina_DeFrates_Srinidhi_Ramakrishna.pdf)

**Tiffany Mar** is a rising sophomore at the University of California - Berkeley, studying Society and Environment. This summer, she worked at the Des Moines City Manager’s Office on the Key Performance Measurement Initiative alongside Shanna Kurbonshoeva, analyzing 12 departments' yearly key performance indicator (KPI) data and researching best practices to develop and visualize KPIs. Her work resulted in the creation of of 13 web pages on the city website to display the measures.

**Vedaant Kuchhal** is a rising junior at Olin College of Engineering studying Engineering with a concentration in Computing. This summer, he worked at the City of Los Angeles Mayor's Office on the Innovation team, where he worked primarily on processing COVID-19 data. His work involved updating public dashboards, reporting key trends, and coordinating with the city's Emergency Management Department to send out this data to hundreds of community partners. As part of his work, he refactored and automated large parts of the data pipeline in Python and led research on including wastewater data in the city's COVID-19 data analysis. | [Presentation](Vedaant_Kuchhal.pdf)

**Vignesh Venkatachalam** is a rising second year at the University of Chicago’s Harris School of Public Policy pursuing his Master’s in Computational Analysis and Public Policy. This summer, he worked as a Data Analyst for the Athens-Clarke County Geospatial Information Office, building a series of neighborhood snapshots to showcase the character of the county’s 16 elementary school attendance zones. The snapshots comprise public-facing interactive ArcGIS dashboards that draw from more than 15 data sources and metrics and assist the neighborhood leaders with data-driven policymaking on domains including Housing & Economics, Transportation & Accessibility, Community Health, Education & Workforce, and Crime & Safety. | [Presentation](Vignesh_Venkatachalam_Alina_Spatz.pdf)

**Yuxin Zheng** is a recent graduate of Washington University in St. Louis, where she received a Bachelor’s Degree in Psychology and Japanese. This summer, she worked at the City of Long Beach with the Technology and Innovation Office and Office of Sustainability, alongside Diya Baliga and Joyce Mok, as a Design Fellow to utilize a human-centered design process to design and develop technology to promote climate action initiatives in the city. As part of the team, she was involved in user research, research synthesis, design brainstorming, wireframing and prototyping, and usability testing. Their efforts led to an improved dashboard that better communicates the information in the city's Climate Action and Adaptation Plan and invites people to participate in climate action with the city. They also created a web app to support the city’s tree planting program to increase urban greening in Long Beach.

**Yuval Keren** | [Presentation](Yuval_Keren_Alyson_Lam_Parita_Shah.pdf)

---
### Contact
Please contact [our team](https://www.codingitforward.com/contact) with any questions.
